Hello everyone, this is Mr. Brain Junkie
here! and today we'll be talking about
a fantasy action film called Snow Girl and the
Dark Crystal! Be ready for some spoilers ahead!
A long time ago, the earth was
separated into three realms,
the heaven where the Gods resided,
The Earth where the humans lived
and the underworld where the
Demons are constantly suffering.
The day for the reincarnation draws near, giving
Demons a chance to appear on the mortal realm.
General Zhang from the celestial army
volunteers to guard after the city of Hu,
where the infamous demon lord is located.
At the same time, numerous monsters appear in
the city and begins attacking everyone on site,
killings the people and taking
their souls to the underworld.
The demons carry the souls that they stole
and lays them inside the dark crystal,
where it's magic allows them to
reincarnate and leave this terrible place.
However, a man named Kui steals the
crystal while others are not looking,
but his strange behaviors are
quickly noticed by a lizard demon,
who takes away his cloak,
revealing that he's a thief.
All the monsters quickly become
hostile and charges towards the man,
forcing him to run for his life.
A large demon chases closely after
and is able to strike the man,
but he escapes just in time at the help
of General Zhang who pulls him away.
The lizard demon transforms into a
woman and rushes to stop the thieves,
but only manages to see them escape.
The demon lord is furious at his minions
for losing something so valuable,
and quickly goes to one of his most
powerful lieutenants named snow,
telling her to retrieve the
crystal no matter the cost.
Back at the human realm, the deity
gives Kui some medicine to drink,
claiming that it can heal his wounds faster.
He tells the man that they must
prepare to fight the demons,
as the monsters will attack soon after
losing their most valuable treasure.
He gives Kui a magical fan and
sprays the man's blood over the item,
causing a transformation that turns
the warrior into a giant demon.
Kui looks in the mirror and sees the
reflection, causing him to fall down in fear.
The deity warns him to never
transform in front of the people,
as they'll surely become hostile after
looking at the man's monstrous appearance.
Kui begins training under the god's instructions,
and soon begins to be able to transform at will.
He takes out the enormous sword that's
imbedded inside his spine and begins
sparring with the master, but his movements are
still too slow and fails to land a single hit.
The deity gives him one more elixir, promising
that the medicine will help him recover faster.
Back at the city of Hu, the
people all bow before the deity,
and watches the old man give the dark
crystal to his magical beast called Qilin.
Zhang promises the people that
they are very close to winning
as they now have the dark
crystal in their possession.
Seven days later on the
night of the reincarnation,
the souls taken by the demons would be returned to
the people, and their loved ones will be revived.
He warns everyone to be wary
of the demons as they'll surely
attack the city in order to regain their treasure.
Sometimes later, many performers arrive
to the gates of city and wishes to enter
in order to host their show for the people.
The men are quickly mesmerized by
the girls' female assets while their
wives are screaming in their ears.
Kui comes to inspect the carriages,
and is to shock to see a beautiful
woman dressed in all whites.
The warrior seems to know the girl from his past,
but she refutes the assertion
and tells him to call her snow.
Before the woman leaves, Kui grabs onto
her hand and comments on how rare it is
that she feels so cold, just like someone he knew.
The man's very lucky that he's
not in the 21th century, as
his actions would have landed him in jail by now.
It turns out that Kui knows the woman from
before as her painting hangs over his bedroom
Threes years ago while studying to become
a scholar, the man meets the woman at his
front door and immediately fell in love,
prompting him to draw a portrait of the girl.
She comes back the next day to the man's
surprise, and when Kui takes the woman's hand,
he comments on how she felt very cold.
The two quickly fall for each other as they waste
no time before commencing
some aggressive cuddling.
The woman wants to know whether
if a human can love a demon,
but the man doesn't think so, not knowing
that his lover is in fact from the underworld.
She leaves later that night in tears,
after realizing that Kui can
never accept her for who she is.
Back to the present, the performers
begin their show as all the villagers
gather inside the giant tent,
mesmerized by the beauty of the dancers.
However, the lizard demon notices
that everyone's here except for Kui
and informs her sister right away.
Snow leaves a letter in the
main character's front door,
asking him to meet so that she
can distract him from her plans.
the man arrives at her room and quickly
becomes possessed by her beauty,
as he misses her greatly in
the years that she was gone.
The two begins to embrace and prepares for
some adult actions, but Kui notices the icicles
behind his back, and quickly paralyzes
the woman by hitting her special spots.
He quickly rushes to the temple where the the
magical Qilin is guarding over the crystal,
and takes the item away from the box, anticipating
that the demons will try to steal it tonight.
Just like the man predicted, a
giant demon arrives into the temple,
and the Qilin begins attacking the
monster furiously in their battle.
Snow has transformed into a demon as well,
and proceed to search for the
crystal inside the building.
She quickly finds Kui in his
demon form guarding the temple
and attacks the man from behind,
sending him through the rooms.
Snow attacks by throwing
multiple ice shards at Kui,
forcing the man to dodge immediately
and barely escapes the onslaught.
The woman continues to shoot at the man
and eventually nails him on the
wall and freezes him in place,
as the lizard demon transforms into her
true form and arrives in front of the box,
not knowing that it's empty already.
Kui is able to slowly melt himself out of
the ice and begins charging up tremendous
amounts of energy, before releasing it
in a shockwave, forcing snow to retreat.
At the same time, the Qilin
shoots fire from it's mouth,
forcing the giant demon to run and
eventually traps him under a stone pillar.
The magical beast rushes towards the
enemy and bites on the monster's neck,
killing him in the process.
The lizard demon brings the box to her
master who's been waiting for her return,
but when she opens the container,
only a piece of rock is inside.
Realizing that they've been tricked,
the demon king becomes furious as
he transforms into his true form.
Meanwhile, Kui hands the crystal to his master,
who congratulates everyone that
they've won the battle once again.
He takes out the performers
and ties them onto a pillars,
forcing them into their true forms which
turns out to be lesser demons of all kinds.
The people begin killing the monsters and
sending their souls towards the crystal.
Snow becomes furious as she watches
from the crowds and begins transforming,
trying to kill the deity to
avenge her friends deaths.
General Zhang is quickly able
to overpower her and forces
her back into the human form in front
of Kui, as the man watches in shock.
He orders his pupil to slay
the demon, but surprisingly,
the man refuses and kneels before the god,
begging him to spare his lover's life.
Seeing that his student is defending the enemy,
the deity strikes at the demon himself, but
Kui jumps in the way to protect the girl.
Their attentions are quickly
shifted when the demon lord
himself arrives at the gates of the
city along side his army of monsters.
The soldiers begin to fire numerous arrows
at the enemies, but their numbers are too
great and the demons manage to easily enter
the city as they break down the front gates.
The Qilin rushes out from the temple and
tries attacking the demon lord, but the
creature is quickly defeated by the monster as
it get tossed around and thrown to the walls.
The demons continue towards the town center,
only to be stopped by general Zhang and Kui.
The deity tries attacking the enemies
by shooting numerous projectiles,
but it wasn't effective as the demons lord
transforms into it's true form once again.
Zhang sees this and quickly
stabs Kui in the chest,
forcing the man to transform as well in
order to fight off the giant monster.
The demon lord chases Kui onto the rooftops as the
man runs desperately trying to evade the attacks.
The monster jumps towards the main character
and tackles him through the buildings,
but Kui is able to bite off one of heads
on the demon and manages to break free.
The warrior runs towards the
lake and jumps inside the water,
trying to gain the advantage as he lures
the demon into a different environment.
The monster takes the bait by
entering the water as well,
which gives Kui the chance to attack him
from behind and knock him towards the walls.
The demon becomes furious and smashes the ground,
causing a large shockwave that devours the
main character as he tries to run away.
Instead of killing Kui, the monster tries
to bring the man towards the surface,
but the warrior wakes up and attacks
the demon by cutting off his arm.
He drags the monster onto the surface
and throws him towards the city,
causing the demon to crash into the buildings.
The creature recovers quickly
from the fall and roars furiously
as Kui arrives inside the location as well,
but surprisingly, he allows the demon to leave
as repayment for not killing him earlier,
and ignores the orders from his master.
The deity is very upset that Kui has
disobeyed him and sided with the enemy,
ordering the man to kill
the snow demon right away.
The warrior arrives in the prison where the woman
is being tortured constantly by the demon seals.
After hesitating briefly, the
man frees her by cutting off
the restraints and promises
to protect her from now on.
When they arrive at a house
to hide from the soldiers,
Kui starts to lose control of himself as
the transformation begins to takes place.
The man laughs maniacally and attacks
the woman, pinning her to the ground,
but he's quickly stopped by the lizard
demon at the order of the demon lord.
She gives him the same elixir as the deity did and
explains that it's true purpose is
to calm the man's vengeful spirit.
Apparently, Kui has died a long time ago during
the final examination to becoming a scholar.
The headmaster was bribed by
the family of the students,
and chose to fail Kui in order
to make room for the bribers.
The man was framed as a cheater and taken away
to executed, leaving his spirit to be restless.
He drinks the medicine in order
to regains control to his body,
and plans to go to the underworld in order
to find out the truth from the demon lord.
The two arrives in hell and sees numerous
demons surrounding them as the
demon lord finally appears.
The monster tells him that he's nothing more than
a vengeful spirit who's been resurrected by Zhang,
in order to steal the dark
crystal from the demons.
He explains that the man was
turned into a demon by the deity,
as no one but demons can enter this realm.
Kui refuses to accept this and attacks
furiously, but gets pushed back by the monster's
immense aura that causes a large explosion,
eventually revealing the demon's human form.
Apparently, Zhang told the demon king to
attack the city in order to acquire more
spirts to help with the demons' reincarnation,
but this created tremendous fear in the people.
as a result, they accepted the
deity as a savior without question.
In truth, Zhang wants the dark crystal
for himself so that he may suck out the
souls of all the demons and humans
on the night of the reincarnation,
giving him great power that exceeds any God's.
The demon lord believes that only
Kui can save the realms and restore
them to order as he was created
by using the deity's own power.
The demon extracts all his energy
and gives it to the warrior,
so that he may save all the
demons from being destroyed.
The next day, Kui goes in the city and
tries to warn the people about their god,
who's planning to use them as
sacrifices for his own ambition.
However, no one believes the words that he says,
especially after he defended the
snow demon and helped her escape.
Suddenly, the deity arrives and
everyone bows in honor of their god,
but Kui charges forward in anger and
continues to blame Zhang for the evil doings.
The deity uses magic and tries
to force the man to transform,
while all the people begin throwing rocks at
Kui, believing that he's the true villain.
The people's animosity causes Kui to lose control
and transform into his demon form
that frightens everyone around him.
The soldiers begin shooting
arrows at the main character,
causing great damage as he has no where to run.
Luckily, snow arrives in time and summons
an ice storm that blocks the view,
while taking her lover away from danger.
Kui is furious for being called
the villain and scream in rage,
causing a large explosion inside the lake.
He runs helplessly away from the
city, and refuses to face the truth,
but snow chases him behind and eventually
calms down the man using her embrace.
She tells her lover to not feel ashamed
as he's done everything right, but Kui
doesn't believe that it matters as they'll
all be killed by the dark crystal very soon.
The two embraces closely as Kui finally
falls unconscious from the exertion.
When the man wakes up later that night,
he finds that Snow has left already,
most likely to stop the deity
from destroying the people.
At the same time, Zhang unleashes
the dark crystal upon the city,
and the souls of the people are
sucked away one by one into the sky.
However, his ritual is interrupted by Snow,
who arrives to stop the evil
god from continuing the madness.
She mocks the deity for being a false god
and begins to attack him furiously using
her ice powers, but Zhang counter
quickly and wards off the elements.
Snow transforms into a demon
and charges towards Zhang,
as the god tries to stop her using his magic.
The woman manages to throw the crystal
into the air, and rushes forward,
trying to take the stone away from the deity.
Zhang flies quickly into the sky
and traps her using his magic
before Snow can grab onto the crystal.
He conjures lightning from the
sky and directs it at the demon,
striking her with tremendous power and
causing her to be paralyzed in the air.
Kui smashes through the gates
and rushes into the building,
only to see that a battle has already occurred.
He jumps on the rooftop and sees that Zhang
has trapped his lover in a sealing technique,
which causes him to be consumed in rage.
Kui transforms violently and grabs onto the god,
smashing him around like the hulk and
kicks him in the air like a ragdoll.
He charges towards the flying
deity and attacks him furiously,
punching him through the buildings as a result.
Zhang recovers quickly and
strikes Kui with incredible speed,
not allowing the man to counter in any way,
but the main character soon locks onto the
god and charges in with a barrages of punches,
forcing the enemy inside his shield.
Kui takes out his sword from the back
and strikes the god using immense force,
cutting open the barrier and splitting
the old man in half using a second strike.
The deity explodes in the last
moment and finally perishes,
allowing snow to be released
from her prison as well.
The woman falls from the sky
as Kui rushes in to catch her,
but she's mortally wounded by the previous fight.
Snow tells the man that she'll
always love him and dies in his arms,
while Kui screams in agony after
seeing his lover disappear forever.
The souls all begin to return to the people as
they finally realize who their true savior is,
but Kui walks away emotionlessly
no matter how much he's praised.
He returns the crystal to its rightful place
and restores balance between the realms.
The king of all deities offers him a place
in heaven, but Kui refuses in silence,
realizing that Gods are nothing
more than hypocrite in the end.
He jumps into the underworld and
transforms into his true form,
finally embracing his identity as a demon.
So what do you guys think about the
movie, let me know in the comments below!
and if you like my video please press like and
subscribe for more! I'll see you guys next time!